Fix `fetchMore` for queries with `no-cache` fetch policies (#11974)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/nice-worms-juggle.md

---
"@apollo/client": patch
---

> Fix issue where `fetchMore` would write it's result data to the cache when using it with a `no-cache` fetch policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix an issue where `fetchMore` would write its result data to the cache when using it with a `no-cache` fetch policy.
```
